Prisma Normalizer (#173)
dassana-io/dassana: content/actions/normalizer-lookup/README.md

> # Normalizer Lookforward

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Normalizer Resource Hierarchy Lookup
```

> In the event that the normalizer fails to fetch `csp, service, resourceType`, this action
> looks forward in the policy context workflows to properly allocate the aforementioned fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the normalizer cannot normalize the `csp`, `service`, and `resourceType` fields from an alert, this action uses the alert's `vendorPolicyId` to find the relevant policy context workflow (if applicable) to fill out the empty fields.
```
